Using a lot of energy or axonal let's get rid of all the references where we try to use any services
beginning in the hetero component.
We inject the data storage service there.
Well we don't need that because we no longer access the web wired service.
Instead you can nicely see we only use ngi or x and a lot of our exchanges.
Next let's move on to the whole module here.
We don't use anything in the core module.
We can get rid of the data storage service injection.
We can get rid of the data service and recipe service excuse me and they offer of both imports because
if we have a look at the rest of his service sofort quickly jump ahead.
We don't really need that.
Yes we're still coaling debt from the data storage service but the data storage service itself is not
getting cold from anywhere.
So we can get rid of the data storage service and once we did so all of the recipes service so no back
up let's go through the recipe detail component there.
We still inject the recipe service let's get rid of that.
We don't need that.
Get rid of the import as well.
Otherwise we'll get errors.
So with that out of the way does your work here take is really an error.
We need to unlock this I forgot this.
So let's import our access at operator take with data should work to.
Let's now go to the recipe editor component here.
Let's get rid of the recipe service imports here and the injection here weps like that don't eat dead
anymore.
Recipe item component.
Let's go to that looks good recipe list component here also looks good.
We're not using anything here which you don't need recipes start.
It's empty anyways.
Reducer is on should be fine in the recipes component that looks good recipes module here.
We also are not importing anything we don't need in the shared modules you're of interest centered that
should would fine.
We're only using the store here.
Nothing.
We're now using nothing in the directive model that looks fine logging looks fine shared Marchal looks
fine shopping list.
Well we went for this before.
This should all be fine.
So the apps should be fine in the end here.
Let's simply try and restart and she served to make sure it's not hanging up or something like that
so that cleanly completes everything.
And let's see if we get any errors.
This looks pretty good.
And let's also check if I had off time compilation works by running Engy bold dash dash prod dash dash
or t dash dash it alone should be enough though.
But just for security reasons in case you are running an older Hasil I so let's see if that works fine.
Does all the finished without an error.
So does this really looking good now.
We got our final application here.
This is now all working as intended and we're using ngi or X all over the place in this application.